Name one thing you do really well and describe it in detail.
What is your favorite room in your home and why?
Describe what it means to be a good neighbor?
What is your most productive time of day and why?
Who is someone that really "gets" you?
Describe your best day ever? Give lots of details explaining why.
How do you deal with people who bug you?
What excites you and why?
Describe your favorite hobby.
What is your favorite quote by a famous person?  Why?
What is your favorite song and why?
What can you do to help you feel better when you’re feeling blue?
What is a book you would recommend to a friend?
What's food dish would you like to learn to make?
Pretend that there is no such thing as television.  What do you do with all of your time?
Use 3 positive adjectives to describe yourself. Explain.
Last time you were having a bad things and things turned around
What would your porn name be?
Where would you go on a spontaneous road trip?
Who is someone you have forgiven, but you haven't let them know
When was the last time you felt truly grateful / humble?
What is a characteristic you really admire in others?
Who is someone you care about you haven't contacted in while?
Who is a long lost friend you recently reconnected with?
What inspires you?
What is your dream vacation? Why?
Three people you would take with you on a desert island.
What is a great app idea you have?
What is an app you wish someone would hurry up and make already?
I cannot live without _____
Who in your life has always been there for you?
Best pump up song of all time?
What's a challenge that you are proud of overcoming?
Words to live by.
Where are you happiest? Describe that place.
What's something you're good at? What makes you good at it?
What would you change about yourself or your life? Is there a way for you to change it?
What is a short term goal you would like to accomplish in the near future?
What is a mistake people often make about you?
What's something that helped to shape your outlook to life?
What is your most memorable travel experience?
Who was your best friend?  Are you still in touch with them?
Who was the biggest influence in your career?
Do you wish you had been raised differently?  How so?
What was your relationship with your parents growing up? and what is it like now?
Who are you closest to in your family?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
How do you think people will remember you?
Favorite instrument.
Write about what you would like to do for your next birthday.
Tell about your favorite holiday. Tell why it is your favorite.
What is something you love about yourself?
If you could change anything about yourself, what would it be?
Make a list of the things you are most thankful for in your life.
You just won $1,000,000. What are you going to do first?
Tell about a time when you were kind to someone.
What is a weird superstition you have? Where does it come from?
What is something that makes you ANGRY!!!!!
Tell about the last time you cried.
What is something that needs to change in your life?
What is a charity or cause that you believe in?
When's the last time you stood up for something you believe?
What makes you stand out as an individual?
Name an instance when you successfully mediated a conflict.
Who is your celebrity crush?
What is the title of your Life's movie?
What animal would you want as a pet if you could domesticate any animal? Why?
Describe yourself in 10 years.
Invent a new kind of sandwich. Describe what is on it and how you would make it.
Describe one thing you're really good at.
How do you like your coffee?
If you could open your own restaurant, what kind of restaurant would it be?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
